Amazon Prime Terms & Conditions Last updated June 30, 2020.
Welcome to the terms and conditions ("Terms") for Amazon Prime.
These Terms are between you and Amazon.com Services LLC and/or its affiliates ("Amazon.com" or "Us") and govern our respective rights and obligations.
Please note that your use of the Amazon.com website and Prime membership are also governed by the agreements listed and linked to below, as well as all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements on the Amazon.com website, all of which (as changed over time) are incorporated into these Terms.
If you sign up for a Prime membership, you accept these terms, conditions, limitations and requirements.
If you signed-up for your Prime membership directly through us, you may cancel your Prime membership any time by visiting Your Account and adjusting your membership settings.
If you cancel within 3 business days of signing up for or converting from a free trial to a paid membership, we will refund your full membership fee; provided that we may charge you (or withhold from your refund) the value of Prime benefits used by you and your account during this 3-business day period.
If you cancel at any other time, we will refund your full membership fee only if you and your account did not make any eligible purchases or take advantage of Prime benefits since your latest Prime membership charge.
If you signed up for your Prime membership through a third party, you may need to contact the third party to cancel your membership or receive any refund under its applicable policies.
Prime memberships redeemed through a Prime gift code or promotional code are not refundable.
Prime shipping benefits depend upon inventory availability, order deadlines, and in some cases the shipping address.
They are limited to certain products sold by Amazon.com (or third-party sellers participating in Prime) on the Amazon.com website and to certain products on third-party websites that offer Prime shipping benefits.
Products eligible for Prime will be designated as such on their product pages.
Some special product, order, handling fees, and/or taxes may still apply to eligible purchases.
If only some items in your order are eligible for Prime, you will pay applicable shipping charges for the ineligible items.
Changing or combining orders, or changing your shipping address, speed, or preferences might affect Prime eligibility.
Certain purchases may only be entitled to Standard Shipping because of their size, weight, and other shipping characteristics.
We may exclude products with special shipping characteristics at our discretion.
The Prime section of our Help pages provides information about eligible items, shipping cost, shipping speed, and shipping destinations.
We also offer Prime members supplemental memberships, which are subject to these Terms, require you to be a Prime member, and may have additional fees and terms.
Click here for more information about supplemental memberships.
We reserve the right to accept or refuse membership in our discretion.
We may send you email and other communications related to Prime and your Prime membership (regardless of any settings or preferences related to your Amazon account).
You may not transfer or assign your Prime membership or any Prime benefits, including promotion codes for Prime memberships or benefits, except as allowed in these terms.
Prime members are not permitted to purchase products for the purpose of resale, rental, or to ship to their customers or potential customers using Prime benefits.
Some Prime benefits may require certain purchase thresholds, have quantity or shipping address limitations, or require members to meet specified criteria in order to access them.
From time to time, Amazon may choose in its sole discretion to add or remove Prime membership benefits.
The membership fee for Prime is stated in the Prime section of our Help pages.
From time to time, we may offer different membership terms, and the fees for such membership may vary.
The Prime membership fee is non-refundable except as expressly set forth in these Terms.
Taxes may apply on either or both of the membership fee and the reduced shipping charges for Prime.
If you sign up for your Prime membership through us and are billed by us, then the billing terms described below will apply to your membership.
If all eligible payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your membership fee, you must provide us a new eligible payment method promptly or your membership will be canceled.
If you provide us with a new eligible payment method and are successfully charged, your new membership period will be based on the original renewal date and not the date of the successful charge.
UNLESS YOU NOTIFY US BEFORE A CHARGE THAT YOU WANT TO CANCEL OR DO NOT WANT TO AUTO RENEW, YOU UNDERSTAND YOUR PRIME MEMBERSHIP WILL AUTOMATICALLY CONTINUE AND YOU AUTHORIZE US (WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU, UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW) TO COLLECT THE THEN-APPLICABLE MEMBERSHIP FEE AND ANY TAXES, USING ANY ELIGIBLE PAYMENT METHOD WE HAVE ON RECORD FOR YOU.
If you signed up for your Prime membership through a third party and are not billed directly by us, then the billing terms provided by the third party will apply to your membership.
Trial members may at any time (through Your Account) choose not to continue to paid membership at the end of the trial period.
To sign up for and use a qualification-based Prime membership, you must meet the eligibility conditions described on the applicable enrollment page and provide any required documentation.
We may in our discretion change these Terms, Amazon.com\'s Conditions of Use and Privacy Notice, or any aspect of Prime membership, without notice to you.
If any change to these terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions.
YOUR CONTINUED MEMBERSHIP AFTER WE CHANGE THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP.
We may terminate your Prime membership at our discretion without notice.
If we do so, we will give you a prorated refund based on the number of full months remaining in your membership.
However, we will not give any refund for termination related to conduct that we determine, in our discretion, violates these Terms or any applicable law, involves fraud or misuse of the Prime membership, or is harmful to our interests or another user.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with these Terms will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
COM\'S CONDITIONS OF USE, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE LAST MEMBERSHIP FEE YOU PAID.
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND WILL SURVIVE CANCELLATION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR PRIME MEMBERSHIP.
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to these Terms or your use of Prime, or to any products or services sold or distributed by Amazon or through Amazon.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 304, Tumwater, WA 98501.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA\'s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA\'s rules.
We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
Likewise, Amazon will not seek attorneys\' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial.
We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
Four Star Realty & Property Management  Lease Summary  Lease Date: December 18, 2020  Premises Address:  795  30th  Street  B  Boulder,  CO  80303  Earnest Money / Security Deposit:  $5,970.00  Due by: Previously Paid  Monthly Payment Amounts  Rent: $4,180.00 Utility Mgmt. & RUBS: $270.00  Grounds Fee: $120.00 Parking Fee: $0.00 Pet Rent: $0.00 Storage Unit Rent: $0.00 Other: $0.00 Total Due Monthly: $4,570.00  Occupancy Term Begin Date:  2:00 PM on 08/08/2021   First Payment Due: 08/01/2021  Occupancy Term End Date: 10:00 AM on 08/05/2022   Last Payment Due: 07/01/2022  Renters Legal Liability: $216.00 Due By: 08/08/2021  Welcome to your new home, professionally managed by Four Star Realty & Property Management  Should any questions arise during your tenancy, please contact us at:  1310 College Avenue Suite 310 Boulder, CO 80302 Phone: 303-449-0064  If you believe you have a Warranty of Habitability concern, you are required to notify us in writing at: WOH@fourstarrealty.com   RESIDENTIAL LEASE AGREEMENT  This  Lease  (the  “Lease”)  relates  to  the  real  property  located  at  the  premises  address  identified  above  (the  “Premises”).
Recommendation of Legal Counsel: Lessee(s), who shall individually or collectively hereinafter be referred to  as “Resident”, acknowledges that this Lease has important legal and tax consequences.
The Owner and Populum  Real Estate Holdings, LLC, doing business as Four Star Realty & Property Management (hereinafter referred to  as “Agent”), recommends that Resident consults with legal and tax counsel before signing.
Owner/Agent Relationship: In order to comply with Rule E-35 of the Colorado Real Estate Commission, we  hereby disclose to Resident, that Agent is employed by the Owner of the property being leased to Resident via a  binding Management Agreement.
Said Management Agreement authorizes Agent to act as an agent for the Owner  with all and any specific management and fiduciary duties contained therein.
Resident acknowledges that Agent  and its representatives and employees are agents of and for the Owner and are not representing Resident as an  agent for the Resident.
1.
Agent is authorized to lease and  manage the Premises for the Owner and to enter into this Lease.
The Resident under this Lease are named below: Aidan Lyons, Tyler Candler, Nick Machemer and Ian   Leased Premises.
Agent hereby leases to Resident the Premises described below:  Refrigerator [X] Air conditioning [_] Number of garage remote(s)if provided  Furnishings: [_] Other:  2.
795 30th Street B Boulder, CO 80303 The Premises shall also include:  Clothes dryer [X]    Dishwasher [X]                         Stove [X]                                  Microwave [_]                  Window coverings [X]             Washing machine [X]   3.
be in writing and shall be delivered to as set forth below.
Notice To Resident.
Notice to Resident shall be delivered personally, or sent by first class mail postage  A. prepaid to the Premises, or securely and conspicuously posted upon the Premises, or by email at the email address  provided by Resident.
Notice to one Resident shall be deemed to be notice to all Residents, and each Resident  hereby acknowledges and agrees to this form of notice.
Page 1 of 39  Notices and Postings.
Unless otherwise specified in this Lease, all notices provided by this Lease shall   This document is digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services.
Document ID: 94179991 Notice to Agent.
Notice to Agent shall be delivered personally, or sent by first class mail postage prepaid B. to: 1310 College Avenue Suite 310 Boulder, CO 80302 Phone: 303-449-0064.
Resident agrees to pay a $25 posting fee to Agent in the event that Agent has to post at the Premises a Demand for  Compliance or Possession, Notice to Quit or other legal notice.
Resident further agrees to pay a $25 posting fee to  Agent in the event that a Lease violation occurs on the part of the Resident, and Agent must post any kind of  Lease violation warning letter at the Premises.
4.
Earnest Money / Security Deposit.
A.  Resident will pay Agent the sum of $5,970.00 as earnest money (“Earnest Money”) to secure Resident's  performance of this Lease.
Prior to the start of the Lease, this amount is Earnest Money and will be forfeited if  Resident cancels the Lease or never occupies the Premises without Agent's written permission.
Once Resident  pays  the  first  month's  rent  and  occupies  the  property,  this  amount  becomes  a  security  deposit  (“Security  Deposit”).
Agent can use this amount to cover any losses Owners suffer as a result of a Resident's default under  the terms of the Lease or damages caused by the Resident, and any other applicable charges or services outlined in  this Lease.
If Owners suffer losses greater than this amount, Resident will owe the difference.
Agent,  at  Agent's  option,  may  use  Resident's  Security  Deposit  during  the  Term  to  fulfill  Resident's  B.  obligations under this Lease including payment of Rent and performance of necessary repairs or maintenance to  the Premises, which may become necessary due to the action or inaction of the Resident, members of Resident's  household or Resident's guests.
To the extent that all or any portion of the Security Deposit is depleted pursuant to  this paragraph, Resident shall replenish these funds up to the original amount of the Security Deposit within (10)  ten days of their receipt of written notice from Agent of the amount of their obligations.
Failure of Resident to  replenish the Security Deposit/Earnest Money within ten (10) days shall constitute a breach of this Lease and shall  be grounds for eviction.
Resident  may  not  use  Security  Deposit  in  place  of  rent  or  any  other  payments  due  herein  without  the   C.  written permission of Agent.
D.  It is the duty of Resident to return the Premises, including but not limited to outside areas required to be  maintained by Resident under this Lease, to the same condition as at the commencement of this Lease, reasonable  wear and tear excluded.
E.  Owner is in possession of the Security Deposit and shall return the Security Deposit, plus any interest  required  by  law,  to  Resident  within  sixty  (60)  days  after:  (1)  termination  of  this  Lease;  or  (2)  surrender  and  acceptance  of  the  Premises  by  Agent,  whichever  occurs  last.
If  cause  exists  for  retaining  any  portion  of  the  Security Deposit, Agent shall provide Resident with a written statement listing the reasons for the retention of any  portion  of  the  Security  Deposit.
When  the  statement  is  delivered,  it  shall  be  accompanied  by  payment  of  the  difference  between  any  sum  deposited  and  the  amount  retained  plus  any  interest  required  by  law.
Agent  will  return  the  Security  Deposit,  or  applicable  portion  thereof,  to  Resident  in  one  check  payable  to  all  Residents.
Resident understands and acknowledges that the security deposit refund check will be one check made payable to  all Residents on the Lease.
Agent cannot issue separate checks to individual Residents.
Agent is deemed to have  complied  with  this  paragraph  by  mailing  said  statement  and  any  payment  required  to  the  address  provided  by  Resident  for  the  return  of  the  Security  Deposit,  as  specified  in  writing  by  Resident  to  Landlord,  or,  if  none,  Resident's  last  known  address.
If  no  address  is  set  forth  below  or  otherwise  provided  to  Landlord,  Agent  is  deemed to have complied with this paragraph by mailing said statement to Resident's last known address.
It is the  Resident's responsibility to provide an updated forwarding address.
5.
Eviction/Holding Over.
Agent  may  evict  Resident  from  the  Premises  or  undertake  other  legal  action  to  regain  possession  of   A. Page 2 of 39  This document is digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services.
Document ID: 94179991   Premises for any default of a payment obligation under this Lease or any other material breach of this Lease.
Resident shall continue to be liable for all payments or other obligations under the Lease and be bound by  B. all other provisions of this Lease even though Agent has chosen to seek eviction because of Resident's breach of  this Lease.
D.  Eviction proceeding may be initiated for reasons other than non-payment of money due under the terms of  this Lease.
Agent shall have the right to initiate eviction proceedings and evict Resident for the following, but not  limited to: behavioral or lifestyle issues that caused damage to the Premises or have created a nuisance for the  community.
E.  Resident  shall  deliver  possession  of  the  Premises  at  the  expiration  or  termination  of  the  Lease.
Acceptance of Rent after the expiration of this Lease shall not be considered a renewal or extension of the lease  term.
Resident agrees to pay Agent $300.00 per day as additional rent if Resident remains in Premises after 10:00  AM.
on  the  termination  date  of  the  Lease  without  Agent's  written  consent.
Additionally,  Resident  will  be  considered a Resident at sufferance and Agent may immediately proceed an action to retake possession of the  Premises.
In the event Resident holds over beyond the expiration date of this Lease without the written consent of  Agent, this Lease shall not be deemed renewed.
In addition to the additional rent due above, Resident shall also be  liable for any other losses suffered by Agent, Owner or any person or persons waiting for Resident to vacate in  order to take possession of the Premises under a new lease, including but not limited to storage expenses and  alternative lodging.
6.
Occupancy.
No  more  than  4  persons  may  reside  in  the  Premises.
Any  change  in  occupancy  must  be  reported  to  Agent  immediately.
If  a  replacement  occupant  is  needed,  a  rental  application  from  Agent  must  be  completed  and  new  occupant  must  be  approved  by  Agent,  in  Agent's  reasonable  discretion,  prior  to  the  new  occupant's move in.
If required by Agent, new occupants must also complete a Lease Guarantee Agreement, or an  acceptable lease guarantor, in order for the transfer of occupants to be fully executed.
7.
Use.
A.  Resident  shall  use  the  Premises  for  residential  purposes  only,  unless  otherwise  agreed  with  Agent  in  writing.
Resident shall not engage in any illegal activities on the Premises.
The conduct of illegal activity on the  Premises by Resident or their guests shall be deemed a material breach of this Lease and may result in termination  of this Lease at Agent's sole discretion.
B.  on the Premises at any time or under any circumstances during the lease term.
Resident shall not grow or manufacture any substance or material including, but not limited to marijuana,   8.
Agent Inspection and Entry Into Premises.
A.  Resident shall permit Agent to enter the Premises at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice or if a  good  faith  attempt  was  made  by  Agent  to  contact  Resident  prior  to  entry,  for  the  purpose  of  maintenance  or  making  necessary  or  convenient  repairs  or  reasonable  inspections,  or  to  show  the  Premises  to  prospective  Residents, purchasers, or lenders.
Entry will be made without prior notice only if Agent reasonably believes that  circumstances warrant such entry or the Premises has been abandoned.
Resident acknowledges that Agent may do  one mid-year inspection per lease cycle and Resident will be notified via email in advance for the inspection.
If the Premises is listed for sale or lease during the Term, Resident agrees to allow showings, appraisals,  B.  and any other appointments related to the sale or lease at any time during the Term.
Resident agrees to cooperate  fully and in good faith with such marketing efforts and to maintain the Premises in marketable condition during  the marketing period.
Resident understands and acknowledges that showings of the Premises will be permitted at  Agent's discretion.
Resident also understands and agrees that Premises shall be clean and in reasonable showing  Page 3 of 39  This document is digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services.
Document ID: 94179991   condition or Agent will hire a contractor of Agent's choice to clean the Premises at the Resident's expense.
9.
Assignment/Lease Transfer/Release.
See Lease Term, Payments & Utility Addendum.
Noise and Nuisance.
Resident agrees not to make any excessive noise or create any nuisance that will  disturb  the  peace  and  quiet  of  neighbors.
Disruptive,  aggressive,  criminal,  abusive,  hostile,  violent  and/or  dangerous behavior which threatens the health, safety, well-being and/or security of any other Residents of the  Property  or  neighboring  property  are  agreed  by  Resident  to  be  a  substantial  violation  of  the  Lease,  and  shall  constitute reasonable grounds for eviction by Agent, pursuant to this Lease and pursuant to § 13-40-107.5, C.R.S.  This  includes  but  is  not  limited  to  excessive  drunkenness;  belligerence  intoxication;  substance  abuse;  loud  or  obnoxious conduct; disturbing or threatening the rights, comfort, health, safety or convenience of others in or near  the Premises including unreasonable foul language; possessing, selling, or manufacturing  illegal drugs or drug  paraphernalia; engaging in or threatening violence; possessing a weapon prohibited by Colorado law; discharging  a firearm in or near the Premises; displaying or possessing a gun, knife, or other weapon in a way that may alarm  others; or tampering with utilities.
If such action is brought, Resident shall be held responsible for payment of rent  in full until Agent has replaced Resident with a new Resident.
Resident shall also be responsible for all associated  legal fees and costs incurred by Agent in such action, and for all associated costs of replacing Resident (cleaning,  repairs, advertising, etc).
at the Property.
Resident and guests shall have due regard for the peace, comfort and  enjoyment of other Residents in the building and surrounding area.
A. If the Agent or Owner receives any written nuisance complaint, cease and desist order, tickets, citations,  letters, disruptive behavior to the neighborhood including beer pong, chalking, violating health orders, noise, or  notification of tenant receiving a citation, or any government agency visiting the Premises based on actions of the  Resident or guests or invitees of Resident or similar demand from any HOA or governmental entity (collectively  “Nuisance”) regarding the Premises, Resident shall be in default of this Agreement.
Upon demand from Agent or  Owner  or  notice  of  any  Nuisance,  Resident  shall  address  and  remedy  such  Nuisance  and  otherwise  cure  any  nuisance  related  violations,  including  but  not  limited  to,  paying  any  fines,  penalties,  assessments,  or  other  amounts levied, charged, or imposed by any governmental entity because of the Nuisance.
Agent may take any  action necessary or required to cure or remedy any Nuisance, including but not limited to, evicting Resident from  the Premises or barring or trespassing any individuals from entering any portion of the Premises.
Resident will not  permit any barred or trespassed individuals onto the Premises.
Resident shall pay or reimburse Agent and Owner  all  costs,  damages,  sums,  or  other  amounts,  including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  costs  incurred,  levied  or  assessed against the property or Landlord because of any Nuisance at the Premises resulting from Resident's or  Resident's invitees conduct.
11.
Rules  and  Regulations.
The  Premises  may  be  located  in  a  building  or  community  with  governing  documents such as Declarations, Bylaws, or Rules and Regulations ("Rules and Regulations").
Resident agrees to  abide and be bound by all Rules and Regulations in effect at the time of signing this Lease and to such amended  Rules or Regulations that may occur during the term of this Lease.
It is the responsibility of the Resident to obtain  the Rules and Regulations, and failure to comply with these terms and provisions shall constitute default under  this Lease.
12.
Property Condition.
